WIP: PBS-to-Slurm adaptation (#306)
hpcleuven/VscDocumentation: source/leuven/mfa_quickstart.rst

=======================================================
General
-------
Multi factor authentication (MFA) has been activated for all users that try to log in 
to the KU Leuven cluster. 
This guide will take you through the steps of correctly using and setting up MFA. 
For more detailed information, visit the official VSC documentation page: 
https://docs.vscentrum.be/en/latest/leuven/tier2_hardware/mfa_login.html.

Getting started
---------------
#. When you try to connect to the cluster through an ssh-client or a terminal, 

> you will be prompted with a URL:

Author: done via `da72740`

   .. _firewall_link_mfa:
   .. figure:: mfa_quickstart/firewall_link_mfa.PNG
      :align: left
      :alt: firewall_link_mfa
#. Copy-paste the provided link in a browser and follow it. 
You should end up on a login page of your university or association. 

> For KU Leuven this will be the idp page:

Author: done via `da72740`

Using apps that use SSH connections in the background
-----------------------------------------------------
Not all apps that can connect to the cluster with an SSH connection can prompt you the 
firewall link. For some apps it is possible to first connect to the cluster as described 
above, keep that connection open and if you then launch the app, it will start normally. 
Another method is going straight to https://firewall.vscentrum.be/ while the connection 
is pending. Look for: "Are you trying to log in from <IP address>? YES / NO".
Click YES. This works for FileZilla, and some versions of NX. 
If that does not allow you to connect, you should set up an agent. 

Setting up an agent
-------------------
The standard login method will prompt you the URL every time you try to connect to the cluster. 
By setting up an SSH agent, you can create a certificate that will avoid this. 
Depending on your OS, there are different solutions. Select the correct one for your machine 
and follow the subsequent steps to set it up. The different set-ups are:
-	Windows machines
-	Linux machines and Mac machines 

Windows machines
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> #. For Windows machines, :ref:`Pageant <using Pageannt>` (version 0.78 or later) is a 

Author: of course :-)

   .. _pageant_add_key:
   .. figure:: mfa_quickstart/Pageant_add_key.PNG
      :align: left
      :alt: pageant_add_key
#. Browse to your VSC private SSH key, and enter your passphrase if prompted for

   .. _pageant_passphrase:
   .. figure:: mfa_quickstart/Pageant_passphrase.PNG
      :align: left
      :alt: pageant_passphrase
#. Try to connect to one of `Tier2 login nodes <tier2_login_nodes>`.
   You will be given a URL to validate your identity.
   Copy that URL in your browser and login to your KU Leuven account.
   Upon a successful login to your KU Leuven account, the login with your VSC account 
   will also succeed.
   Eventually, a new certificate will be stored in Pageant that holds your identity for
   a limited period of time.
   You may view this certificate if you right-click on Pageant and select ‘View Keys’:

   .. _pageant_view_keys:
   .. figure:: mfa_quickstart/Pageant_view_keys.PNG
      :align: left
      :alt: pageant_view_keys
#. Pageant will silently provide your credentials to other applications (e.g. NX, FileZilla, MobaXterm)
   whenever you are prompted for your identity.

Linux and Mac machines
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Linux and MacOS come with a built-in SSH agent, so there is no real need to download 
> an extra program. Before using your agent, it is best to verify whether or not it is 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Linux and MacOS it is common to use OpenSSH, which is often already installed by default.
Before using your agent, it is best to verify whether or not it is 
```
(similar comment as before, on another location)

PuTTY
~~~~~
#. Select your saved session for the cluster connection and load it.
#. Under ‘SSH’, go to ‘Auth’. Select ‘Allow agent forwarding’ and remove any private 
   key directories from under ‘Private key file for authentication’

   .. _putty:

>    .. figure:: mfa_quickstart/putty.png

Author: I have updated both screenshots of putty and addressed this
